Add OPFS standalone article / Update API landing to "File System API" (#27440)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/filesystemsyncaccesshandle/write/index.md

{{securecontext_header}}{{APIRef("File System Access API")}}

The **`write()`** method of the
{{domxref("FileSystemSyncAccessHandle")}} interface writes the content of a specified buffer to the file associated with the handle, optionally at a given offset.

> Files within the [origin private file system](/en-US/docs/Web/API/File_System_Access_API/Origin_private_file_system) are not visible to end-users, therefore are not subject to the same security checks as methods running on files within the user-visible file system. As a result, writes performed using {{domxref('FileSystemSyncAccessHandle.write()')}} are much more performant. This makes them suitable for significant, large-scale file updates such as [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/) database and [mipmap](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mipmap) modifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Files within the [origin private file system](/en-US/docs/Web/API/File_System_Access_API/Origin_private_file_system) are not visible to end-users, therefore are not subject to the same security checks as methods running on files within the user-visible file system. As a result, writes performed using {{domxref('FileSystemSyncAccessHandle.write()')}} are much more performant. This makes them suitable for significant, large-scale file updates such as [SQLite](https://www.sqlite.org/wasm) database modifications.
```
